hey everybody welcome back nor the land
please the binding of issac afterbirth
plus I can't buy a win here but that
doesn't mean that this is going to be
the same where Isaac that's what I
wanted I really I mean again first off
ng 1/2 y9l I apologize we've had some
spotty performances lately this run is
all about the fundamentals good
commentary better ingredients Papa
John's good commentary acceptable
gameplay the wins will come I know that
we can win an Isaac I mean it's like
we've got it infinity times friendly fly
is just fine
all we got to do is play our game and do
a low-rent Christopher Walken impression
apparently but we really we know the
keys to the kingdom we know how to win
an Isaac stop taking so much stupid
damage you'll probably you know be a
happy camper but yeah I've been I've
been on a little bit of a slump lately
but you know what keeps me going I used
to sincerely be like bummed out if I
would have like a series of bad Isaac
recordings or at least like bad gameplay
I'd be like man what am i doing this is
rough and it still is to some extent my
natural that's my ground state to use a
10th grade chemistry chemistry chemistry
term but now I get so many tweets from
people that are very supportive they say
we love watching you suffer your worst
videos are your best videos and I say I
don't know in a way that sounds like a
little bit of a backhanded compliment
but at the same time I appreciate it so
that's why those videos exists instead
of me just coming up and being like hey
-6 streak what happened don't ask you
know and then recording a win hopefully
hopefully you've enjoyed some of my my
suffering lately in a way it was a
little different like in the vanilla
Isaac days and I had like a probably
around a 50% win rate then like a loss
wasn't special we've gotten a lot better
at the game losses have become at least
mildly rarer so having a string of like
incredibly bad luck like this is at
least kind of hilarious I hope
I'm gonna reroll book of sin becomes
Anarchist Cookbook obviously it's not
particularly strong but we are one
battery charge away from having a
bookworm which is a decent upgrade
you've gotta try to use Haga laws there
you know the day I stopped using hog
allows to try to find a black-market on
a room like that as the day that I was
going to say the day that I died but
that's a copy written song so that'll be
the day when you make me cry our virtue
has been rewarded it's not a black
market it's also not a tumor but it is
undefined which is actually swell I'll
tell you what because undefined wave
undefined and teleport 2.0 are actually
different I'm trying to what is teleport
2.0 it takes you to a room a teleport
2.0 takes you to the closest room you
haven't been to which by default leads
to the error room sometimes undefined
takes you to a random special room which
can be the error room early okay so I
think I've got it sussed out here so my
game plan believe it or not is actually
to dump the d6 and take undefined
because I find it more fun we really
haven't had a chance to use this item
too much because it oftentimes shows up
you know when you're late enough in the
game that you're like ah we can't loop
on the chest so we cares but being able
to get error rooms is fun I'd use this
just so we could get bookworm we could
pick up another battery charge reroll it
again but honestly I don't care about
getting more books we're not going to
mill out a library by just getting you
know one book pedestal rear old over and
over and over is extremely unlikely so
take on defined and then the general
theory with undefined in mind and I used
to use this item rigorously take
triple-a battery and you know why we're
taking triple-a battery the more charges
the better
you know you use it at your own risk
early because it could cost you an item
room it could cost you a bathroom which
could cost you a devil room but if you
use it with a lot of charges stacked up
after you go to the rooms that you don't
mind are you that you want to go to we
will take devil precedent because I
would like to still like you know kill
things on this run and the deal with the
devil is very conducive to making it
happen then we start teleporting so we
got a second secret room it's not bad
this card could be valuable you never
know you never know it's the fool does
it beat the devil card yeah for boss
rush purposes and we got a second secret
room again we still can't get into our
item room so I'm going to you know do my
due diligence go back and take a little
time to explore that we get a penny we
should pick up Oh
freaky it's gonna say we get a penny we
should pick up the flat penny and I mean
flat penny is a great trinket I don't
like leaving it behind but triple-a
battery is a little bit more useful for
us in terms of maximizing our space bar
item glitter bombs are just fine so
we're going to get out of here all right
so I mean I'm already flying in the face
of my own advice first off I chose not
to go back and pick up the trinket
before I got the penny that's okay
secondly instead of just playing with
the fundamentals um throw in a little
dashes aim you know like Emeril Lagasse
here but I'm not sweating it too much
because the runs all right it's got an
orbital I'm just going to fool card out
of that it's got an orbital it's got
bookworm 9lives is a nice little
failsafe here and I actually think
undefined' is good as well as being fun
it's not just you know occasional error
rooms it's also a teleporter
you know it's also access to secret
rooms that we otherwise possibly would
not have been able to get to so it has a
lot of utility sometimes they can screw
you especially if you use it on like one
of the floors that causes you to not be
able to make progress like you know use
it on the womb - it gives you a narrow
room that only gives you access to Sheol
constant doing business
AIE you should not use it on that floor
but
it's all it's all part of the game so I
think we definitely look for a secret
room here pick this up son card son
cards a good card grab this secret room
get three battery charges don't want to
hit a narrow room yet so we go check
this rotten baby's lovely now we
teleport we teleport into the secret
room I'm okay with that
infested not a bad pill
good to know it exists at least although
it rarely makes much of a difference
overall and really with one HP the Sun
card is that was such a bad dodge the
Sun card pretty much exists to be like
you know mapping more or less dude the
dodges are so bad right now okay pull
yourself to pull yourself together and
Aldous is not this damage is unbecoming
of you what I am going to do is be a
little reckless and to go to our room
here I was hoping when you get something
out of our donation machine grab this
teleport it's a narrow room he's done it
so car battery strikes me as being
largely irrelevant the money's nice but
I don't think car battery does anything
for us right now in theory it like it
could cause you to accidentally roll
over the room that you wanted to go to
but I don't know if that actually means
anything you know like if basically when
we press the button we're going to go to
a destination that is a special room so
I don't know if it's if rolling over the
special room has any actual consequences
to our actions so I'm going to I'm going
to choose not to be too rattled by it
and if we ever want to replace car
battery we're going to you know love
life son card I mean you could use it
kind of want to use it just because I
hate this room type there's an enemy
remaining somewhere oh it's a little
spider over there
various now item room shop teleport
seems appropriate to me if we wanted to
you know what we actually want not car
battery but if we can get the battery
that's such a good get for this
it's a fringe case you'll probably be
able to use it like once every two runs
like this but sometimes you're going to
teleport to the air room you're not
going to want to be there you're gonna
want to get out so you can use your
second charge to possibly get out of
your error room I say possibly because I
think you can teleport from a special
room into the exact same special room
but it's a-you know you have a good
chance to get out at least we should go
to our item room first never go into our
item room our shop is only like two
rooms away so although it does fly in
the face of my earlier advice to use as
many charges as possible that's really
like womb one advice and having a lot of
battery charges advice item room is dead
shot dude we've been stacked on items so
far I gotta be honest with you vibrant
bulb makes a great case to be better
than I mean first off better than golf
with a gator for certain but better than
triple-a battery we are holding a lot of
charges we're generating charges more
quickly than we need to and we're
holding them for a while so I support
this decision Steam sale is well and
truly ok 67 percent deal with the devil
chances teleport we did get an error
room not a huge fan of this error room
and it did cost us unless we get a
battery charge it did cost us our
phosphite and possibly a deal with the
devil
losing the deal with the devil hurts a
great deal but it does also guarantee us
a deal with the devil on the next floor
so is it worth it no probably not but
you know you got to hedge your bets
what were we hoping to teleport to I
guess if not the error room it's a good
point self I'm glad I brought it up
all right so that deficiencies in this
run are probably pretty obvious our base
damage is bad the lucky thing about it
is that we can pretty easily fix it with
dead shot we have enough keys to justify
using two of them to the dodge a second
subpar in fact just like from an
attribute standpoint in general we're
killing it with respect to our tears
bookworms nice but really this is like
the dead shot show right now did not
hear a key drop 42 cents you know what I
got a good feeling it's not a terrible
trade but it's not a good trade for us
we've already got 44 cents we might want
to just play it cool on this floor and
say you know it would be a good floor to
go item room shop bathroom deal with the
devil because the deal with the devil's
guaranteed I know what like on the
surface this looks like a run that's
tough to lose and that's why losing it
would kill me you know deep inside that
was just not a good dodge we have nine
lives
it's physically painful to lose a run
with nine lives like on a conceptual
level but then also dying over and over
to like the same rooms so this would be
a good time to really get it all put
together here certainly head of the
keeper is absolutely fine we're not
really I mean I would still say we're
not greatly at risk of death but should
handle it before it becomes too much of
a genuine concern because to go on a
seven loss streak it's pretty terrible
without a fail I am actually like
dodging into every single shot that
shows up here give me a teleport card I
want three boss rush stuff
but it's important to remember first off
don't let the self-defeating narrative
take hold secondly a lot of easily one
runs have gotten to this position before
where they looked pretty bad and we
played like trash I think that could
still be a secret room wishful thinking
this is a fairly common situation to
find yourself in not that much HP not
super powerful and just waiting on you
know that 100% deal with the devil
chance and hopefully if not carry us I'm
not asking for a brimstone at least give
us a you know leg up here what is this
telekinesis the power of mind this is a
booster pack item I don't know what this
does
does it deflect an enemy now doesn't
seem like it it recharges when you kill
an enemy I'm going to look it up
telekinesis
Isaac active item upon use for the next
two seconds any shots that come near
Isaac are held in place after the charge
is depleted they are fired back as tears
so it's not killing an enemies two
seconds seems like a terrible synergy to
have with vibrant bulb which is kind of
driving my stats but at the same time I
really do want to experience a new item
and it seems pretty good especially when
I've been getting hit by so many bullets
probably like neutral synergy with
Deadshot maybe some of the tears
reflected back could miss and cause you
to lose your charge there but fairly
minor I don't know let's let's let the
game decide didn't give me an error room
strength card is good we got plenty of
time on this floor so I think you just
hold up we definitely want to go to the
arrow room the shop was greed so
brightly not every room but I mean we
would like to but we want to go to the
item room first but the shop was green
so there's no battery charge for sale
might be lucky enough to get one more
charge we got sin robes from our deal
with the devil which is also excellent
also gives us a little bit of a
fail-safe for all the dumb damage we've
been taking and of course keepin meat is
a lovely item even if it is ball
advantages and not keeping me three
dollar bill is also great except for the
times that it's terrible I doubt we're
going to get three more rooms to be
honest with you but we should give it a
shot that couch is a big room I think so
we will get one more charge and I'll
tell you what I'll play it the way
Zane would have intended if we get a
narrow room we stick with undefined if
we don't get a narrow room we go with
telepathy and try to figure out how that
item works from a functional standpoint
let's go no error room alright so we'll
take we'll take telepathy I'm a man of
my word we did improve statistically on
this floor so it's not a huge problem
that we are going to lose most of the
effective vibrant bulb we could also
just hold it as like an easy stats
upgrade because we will always have
vibrant bulb if we never use this plus
we'll be able to get vibrant bulb like
multiple times per room I guess if we
wanted I don't know it's a bit of a
strange item but let's let's try to give
it the credit it deserves we are looking
for Gumby so like knowing when enemies
do like tear attacks seems really
helpful for this
like you never shoots here so telepathy
I guess we just hold on to this here
okay I'm starting to become a believer
it would be nice but maybe like
overpowered if it also sort of beheld
enemies in place because then we would
be largely immune to those guys who
chase us down which admittedly interests
me a great deal dude like okay I see the
power I'm glad I didn't underestimate
this item too it's basically two seconds
of bullet invulnerability I don't know
how valuable it is that the shots get
sent back most of the time I tend to
think that like deflected shots are not
worth it
we're not worth caring about because
they they tend to not really reliably
hit enemies but could be mistaken not
using it in some situations just cause
like on these enemies doesn't seem like
the right call to use right if an enemy
is going to shoot bullets then or eat
pant for that matter I'm 100% in sign me
up
I definitely caught shots and those guys
don't shoot so it must catch bones as
well
I'm trying to think of like what bosses
we crap on like it seems like this is
absurdly good against like the hush so
we're looking for stats fingers okay I
mean it's borderline capable here right
we just I would like to have something a
little more statistically amazing and I
got to be honest with you super bandage
is a little lame but it's also very
helpful I didn't get the bomb I'm aware
but Kiki excellent not greed let's go
we'll take there's options we'll take
the Joker card I like it a lot and then
we'll donate as much money as we can
we'll buy the spear at artists we can
get something out of this after okay
yeah I mean at first I was like I don't
think telepathy is very good at all I
don't understand now that I've used it
I've realized that if you can kill
enemies that are rushing to you if you
can avoid beams the enemy shoot out
you're invincible might be a strong word
but you're you're much more invulnerable
than you used to be what a cool idea for
an item fact that it recharges
consistently is absurdly strong full
health again that's really just like a
nice to know that it's in the rotation
sort of situation but we don't have
enough keys to go back to the double key
room and what would I be looking for
like I care not for a secret room I
think I don't really care about a 5 room
at this point we don't need money for
anything we've already donated like 70
cents or something ridiculous I guess it
is nice to recapture some value out of
bullets that you dodged around as well
but ok that was that's that's hi mind or
sorry fire mind that's a sensible
mistake to make at least who mom's
contact is a very nice get here then I
just stood still most of these enemies
do not fire bullets so I think majority
of this fight I'm just going to try to
roll with a stat increase from
illuminated gold no deal with the devil
but we have a free get out
jail free cards so take the polaroid
grab this wow these are both excellent I
think I'll go crickets head for raw
damage because I can sometimes get death
touch from three dollar bill anyway so
I'll just take the raw damage I don't
know it's it's not an easy decision
necessarily but they're both great
that's the thing plus crickets head
doesn't mess with our tier stat so
although it's what I always forget is
deaths touch a speed upgrade thank you
for the tinted rock illumination this is
the one I feel it all coming back to me
now dude you can be so much more
aggressive with those doppelgangers when
you have effectively immunity to
whatever they shoot out like did you I
probably would have been hit there where
it not for a we're not for telepathy
functioning same right there dude this
is actually I'm not I don't want to go
too over-the-top like best item in the
game no let's not get crazy but an item
with some extreme usefulness this is a
bad idea by the way but I'm feeling
confident and as a result I wanted to
express that confidence by going to that
curse room right there
unfortunately didn't quite pan out as
predicted left my broken heart open and
you ripped it down
nothing it's kind of like a great
synergy vibrant bulb when there's
enemies that don't shoot bullets nice
stat increase and then when there's
enemy the do shoot bullets were immune
to them and we can still build up a
pretty impressive like statistical
resume just with Deadeye which I
continue to call Deadeye and Deadshot at
different intervals depending on you
know how I'm feeling okay that's fair
we're going to take some damage
I wouldn't wouldn't suggest it we're not
if we had the wafer or something I would
be invested in playing those demon
judgments at present it's just a little
too risky and let's be honest wouldn't
necessarily suggest that we're in a
position to be playing risky right now
dude we could really use speed but tears
is also almost always great so some
situation in which we take brother Bobby
didn't even realize conjoining was going
to exist and then not really thrilled
with that are we both just conjoined
breaked it to your cap we got a no it
looks like it did it was it happened
pretty fast there but we like lost rate
of fire because three dollar bill change
to something else and then we gained it
when we picked up the the coat hanger
plus we got a speed upgrade for lord of
the pit anyway I think but sure can join
how do I feel about it it's okay it's
it's a net increase always but it
doesn't always feel like it
seems like it's working pretty well a
Deadeye to be honest view so what are we
looking for now honestly anything that
keeps us from dying is is amazing like
this should be a win and it feels like
oh it feels like a me win which I like a
lot you know there's a little rough
around the edges in terms of damage
taken but we ended up taking a little
bit of a lark on an item that didn't
necessarily at first glance although
probably people were screaming at the
screen like it's good take it but didn't
necessarily seem like a great item at
first glance we took a chance on it and
turns out that it might be like
exceptional and now we've got a run
that's like crushing it Gary Vaynerchuk
style should just pop this have some
immunity like they are shooting at us
it's kind of naive to think that we're
going to be able to properly press the
button at all times might seem a little
mild the two seconds of invincibility is
actually incredible Pandora's box here's
the thing it's a lovely item if you get
it on the cathedral and you got nothing
better to do with your spacebar item
slot but I really really do not wish to
get rid of telepathy at this point it's
too much fun
broken honk thankfully irrelevant I walk
into an enemy which is sacrilegious at
this point now I am you might dispute
this I've chosen to take the HP upgrade
because I believe in the one-third
chance of our deal with the devil here
is it going to manifest the odds are not
in our favor we lost permanent polaroid
invincibility the dream is that
permanent polaroid invincibility like
basically won't matter we do only have
one orbital
okay so I really like telepathy versus
mom's heart that was amazing we didn't
get a deal with the devil so I feel a
little bit like an idiot but we're
moving on here nonetheless we are going
to absolutely slay blue baby we're
immune to bullets money is out of
control
for all this money having to luck as a
little stinky but I just become butters
there there's a little stinky
that's not a good butters impression
thank you to all the people who tweeted
words of support for my impression of
the lead singer of the crash test
dummies and that's one person who
tweeted who told you your impression of
the crash test that means is bad they
were wrong you know not exactly the
strongest words of praise ever but at
least on my side so I appreciate it
once there was a tweet that made me feel
more confident about my impression and
when there we go it finally came up I
screwed my notifications to the top had
a smile okay it's not I think I lost it
a little bit something to do with you
know you got to soak the vocal cords the
night before in you know quick dry
cement and then you're like mm-hmm
that sort of works okay don't even try
to shoot me like it's just embarrassing
at this point I believe so firmly in
this copy dream and I continue to just
be villainized forward by the game like
no guppy improvements you know what dude
you know what you know what dude you
know what give me a compass me a compass
mr. judge means bring me mapping bring
me rapping bring me a compass so that I
can see see sing would rhyme there but I
can already sing obviously
restock there's no reason not to take it
there is one reason to take it I think
it drops like some consumables on the
ground let's just think it like maybe we
could get a per throw rune but we should
pick it up and maybe we'll get a
judgment card or something the bombs are
key which is actually fine the Hermit
card turned out to be useless but that
was not necessarily who stated in the
contract when just keep believing and
dreaming here finally found our boss
would like to dust you a little earlier
than you allowed me to but alright so
blue baby maximize our telepathy usage
your dude it's so good then you use the
ticket that was bad obviously then you
use the tears that he shoots as orbitals
to crush him did you see that telepathy
I'm calling it eight out of ten nine out
of ten spacebar item there's some
amazing stuff going on here
well lots of zodiac items
Capricorn's lovely of course and I took
Scorpio but might as well take that
there's no reason to take anything else
from that room so we should crap on this
run now it's a pretty fast one and
honestly was a lot of fun it's like my
favorite archetype for a run we've
learned a lot about the game got to use
a new item use it properly I think on
the first try which is rare if not
properly then honestly decided out of
control stigmata is worth approximately
nothing at this point I'd say but still
nice to have there's still like a
theoretical chance we
could die if things go horribly wrong
but with nine lives and a decent amount
of HP you know we should be relatively
set more of this room please
I mean to be real with you like half the
damage we've taken since picking up
telepathy is from fire mined from three
dollar bills so I don't necessarily feel
like the Dodgers have been bad
maybe positioning has been terrible but
I'll look at this easy rares there's
really like no recharge time least it
feels like there's no recharge time so
don't don't hate me because I'm
beautiful I've had a couple of runs
lately where I've gone to delirium in a
row and they've been on day leaves and
I'm like everyone's gone oh it killed
these guys easily and then delirium just
roast me I'm going down I'm taking my
win I'm banking it the weakest link
style because I want this
self-confidence thanks for watching I
hope you enjoyed the episode of didn't
click the like button if you did click
the like button it helps out a great
deal of course subscribe if you want to
see more in the future thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time